Bunch of tech companies announced their
earnings report today, including
Pinterest, whose shares rose on
significant growth, uh, surprising
growth. And what I think is really
interesting, I I use Pinterest a bunch.
In fact, I I use it uh, a lot for our
video game company, like when I'm
interfacing with our artist, Franchesco,
you know, we'll save images that we want
to use in the in the game. If you're not
familiar, we're um it's a it's a game
set in mid-century Italy uh about
cooking and and uh all that kind of
stuff. But what I wanted to talk about
is is how looking at a particular
audience and saying like gosh, you know,
is this is this going to be true for my
audience as well and Sparkro can
actually help answer this especially
with the new version. So I looked here
for for people who are game artists,
video game artists. So you can see, you
know, a bunch of uh stats around them.
And here it's showing you right at the
top in the overview section use of
social networks by profiles. And yes,
Pinterest is used almost 30% more on
average by people who are game artists,
describe themselves as gaming artists.
If I go into the social network section,
you can actually see this growth right
in here because you can view the history
over time of how Pinterest has been
growing with this audience. You can see
they had nice growth with game artists
in Infinity last year. And that has
continued going from 73 to 75 this year.
So nice little nice little bump in
growth there. And this can be true for
any audience. So what what's great is
you can plug in your audience, right?
people who whatever visit your website
or particular URL or have these words in
their bio or search for a particular
term and then you can see the social
network that is the social networks that
are uh reaching them and how they've
grown or shrunk over time and I think
this can be really powerful in terms of
where you put marketing budget effort
energy if you're an agency or consultant
pitching a client including this in the
client pitch and saying like hey we
should be investing more in like getting
our images into Pinterest could make a
ton of sets.